all right regarding started hi everyone
welcome to the ipfs Holland's October
9th
it has been a couple of weeks since we
had the last Holland so in forward to
hear everyone's a bit like what I
brought is working on as always we have
the gender please do add items to the
agenda you want to be named up to the
call protocol and the note they note
take care for today these David Bishop
thank you very cool so let's get started
the first item is actually a demo Johnny
do you I'd like to share their budget
you're just sharing so that gets
recorded and broadcast to me
your meter now they might have to
imagine yourself in June
okay in just a second
so I guess today we're supposed to be
our throat nap
I guess there's no road map call today
we we will have yeah thank you for
asking
I kind of like mentioned that on the
issue so essentially most of the people
that TP wait in this call are traveling
so it's really hard for you to tell the
life traveling like literally inside a
plane so it's hard for them to be here
and I discussing road map we want well
that call as soon as possible and we are
shooting for next week we will
definitely make sure like it gets
communicated to the issue and that we
have the chance to discuss the road map
of ipfs with the whole community today
still like a white version of the call
so you should like a little bit more
time to prepare we can also agree just
like a round of like updates people just
what they have been working on the last
couple weeks okay you already look into
that other thank you
all right which screen you guys see
right now I just say I started screen
sharing I don't see oh no II see sites
right decentralized vaccination registry
exactly alright so what I did was I'm a
physician and so with the use cases
really is for using D IDs for
credentialing of physicians as well as
verifiable claims of vaccinations one of
the best examples of that is after the
hurricane actually came through Florida
there is a massive refugees of people
fleeing the hurricane to Tennessee the
state the governor Tennessee had an
executive order number 66 that suspended
this the laws that surrounded the
practice of medicine so that allowed for
any physician in any state to take care
of any patient as long as they were
refugee of their hurricane so that was
the use case I tried to actually using
using AG dimensioned project in D which
is hyper Ledger's identity management
and member services and looking at the
code it was just filled with the the
skulls of bad poor security practices
and ultimately I did install it and but
it was just fluff it actually was like a
command line Alice and Bob and actually
didn't have any sort of robustness I
decided to build my own the use case
here is really using these decentralized
public key infrastructure in order to
get the public keys of the patient and
the provider in order to create a
peer-to-peer protocol so that the
physician can document vaccination
records into their EHR and patient gets
the vaccination but the patient is able
to get a verifiable claim that they
actually got that vaccination in this
case they're if they're refugee fleeing
a hurricane they don't have their their
yellow card of all their vaccinations
they want the place to store it that
could be on a phone or ipfs or any other
sort of repository so the syntax for the
D ID spec decentralized identities was
actually came out of one of the
rebooting the web of trust meetings back
last year and I think actually one was
there and actually but I think batalik
and Drummond read actually pens the the
specification and here it's basically
it's a variation of the you RN methods
Beck Uniform Resource name which is a
published I Anna protocol instead of for
instance this could be you RN ISBN but
in this case that's D ID sovereign as
being the method this is what they
published using the sovereign Trust
framework with a method specific
identifier which is the first half of
the IDI 255 1/9 verification public key
using like the curve cryptography but
instead I actually used
a oops backup I call it IP ID for
interplanetary identifiers and in this
case actually goes to the IP NS hash
because of being a permission public
distributed hash table that I my note
actually has access to and so it
resolves to an IP NS resource but I'm
able to update that as a mutable pointer
with a cryptographic resolver so the
basic presentation let's see
my computer's try
too much no any reason to like
colleagues IP idea not just a penis I
think it's just uh I wanted it it's a
it's a method on top of IP NS and so I
think and I and this is I think we're
just for I need some feedback if this is
going to be a good use of IP NS for one
node because it really is just serving
up one DDO if it's that's that the and
so I penis is really sort of could be
used for serving up a lot more than just
one JSON document and so I think it's
this could be a good a specific file
within the IP and us a file tree but
this is just the way I implemented it so
here's an example of the in the
physician side with just this here's a
city of hope and just refresh both of
these and the idea is that one
actually have the public keys I actually
created a pub/sub broom that actually
uses a concatenation of each of the
public keys in order to create web RTC
communication and once you actually have
that I guess it's actually technically
pub flood actually reading the
documentation so it really still needs
to be a specific peer-to-peer
communication channel but I was used to
using the pub sub room that Hector
created and I'm good
and it's stalling Johnny Cash
what div stands for decentralized
identifiers and in the sovereign
framework they actually they're gonna
have an entire block chain
there's also also one by Manu scoonie
which is Varys one that's the crude
digital bazaar so we actually have to
add the rebooting the web of trust
conference we actually had a whole bunch
of different ways of resolving either
over sovereign and ultimately it's a
namespace resolution and I think that's
I think the next thing which is that it
you basically needed to register this
method spec and figure out how to
resolve it so my computer seems it's not
like doing all this at the same time
there we go all right
it's coming up
but basically it creates a room the the
room is a pub/sub room once you actually
have that channel of communication
there's just a messaging good back and
forth it says hey what I'm a requesting
verifiable claims
do you have any verifiable claims and
which is all just the code that I stole
from Project Indy I was just you know
that's I think that the next step is
that once we resolve the DDO then it's a
matter of like showing the verifiable
claim and and using it and verifying it
verifying the signatures using the
public key I'm gonna skip the demo okay
can you point us to where to learn more
about project Indy can you hear me did I
think your connection is lagging Johnny
but I cannot hear you anymore did
someone else confirm if you did here if
you can hear Johnny oh no I can't
all right it seems we we lost Jenny
let's see if you can comes back yes okay
we can hear you know all right
strange would you like to try again like
go back to the position yeah
[Music]
all right so this is an example of the
DD Oh
it uses json-ld as the context and the
the DD ID on IP ID resolves to a
particular hash and then this is where
actually the public key infrastructure
this describes the owner of the key in
this case this is a a elliptic curve
looky when a nice fire just just before
like you were cheering I think just a
browser and so we could see the entire
capture of the browser right now I think
you are sharing the entire screen and so
like for everyone it does like a screen
although smaller resolution and yours we
cannot see the entire slippered of codes
that you're showing on the slide all
right if you could just share the
browser every would help you and follow
your you know what I thought
the better and it's a bit better
you still need to scroll sorry about
that I think I can see the hole my three
monitor setup I think my that's a pro
setup so here's an example so after you
resolve the di D to a specific D do it
actually here's the content which is
just a JSON actually should be probably
IP LD that basically describes the
public key infrastructure here's an
example of a verifiable claim about a
specific D ID in this case the proof
vaccination credential with the claim
being a specific vaccination code this
example is just a flu shot and then I
also did a smart contract just a simple
proof of existence contract or the
vaccination and it has a signature that
actually can validate the signature and
who the signatures of about then here's
a proof of licensed credential
credential that proves the physician is
licensed and in this case I just made it
up this is where actually I'm on mania
w3 task force for a verifiable claims
we're actually working out the
attributes of describing how do the
robustness other of the attributes to
describe a licensing credentials so I
think I think this is a better solution
to the whole decentralized public key
infrastructure that is truly self
sovereign that I own and doesn't require
a blockchain
I think to resolve that I think it's
really steps our messaging of how do you
actually pass the verifiable claims back
and forth and then how do you update
them how do you say save them and I
presented it
rebidding weather trust so albion the
iiw next week talking about it more
getting some more feedback she's awesome
thank you so much for the presentation I
have a couple of questions actually like
I was literally talking with another
group I can hour ago about the IDs and
like their experience this a mega time
and they are working on like fake news
and so they are trying to develop like a
language for fight claims it seems like
you hear like a great head start when we
say that like identity is completely
self-serving sovereign how kin like the
responsibility for said that I didn't
but just for between two organizations
managing like heaps
I have something unique um that
validates my identity though it it's
like who governs a record what can I
transfer that all of it um and to
another like blockchain or even just
like to a centralized service like an
anniversary or or a government
institution desired is there any way to
do that or yeah
so ultimately it's about key management
and it requires that central authority
to actually the post a public key and
use a service that resolves that
basically that you can validate let's
say it's the state of Tennessee for
position licensing or could be I'm on
the ibms American Board of Medical
Specialties it requires them to actually
to have public key infrastructure to
actually design things and so it's one
thing to route the web of trust of like
maybe you guys see my my credentials and
say yeah you're licensed that so I get a
hundred people to say that doesn't mean
I'm licensed I just got a hundred people
that to say it so it really still
requires a central authority that
actually like it's basically within the
the infrastructure in order to
authenticate it so I so and then I think
that's the first step is just is to get
central authorities to use decentralized
infrastructure in order to do it which
is basically what they do now which is
SSL is a form of decentralized
public-key infrastructure but it
requires them to actually use this new
model of maintaining keys and rotating
keys the next thing is actually is the
resolving of the verifiable claims in a
way that is resolvable across different
methods and that means it's like alright
so I I used I P ID but then you can get
it my verify the claims on ipfs so or I
see that you're using sovereign or Varys
or bit bt r TK before bitcoin stupid I
was talked about so there's a way of
actually resolving across blockchains
that actually you can get those be
Republic claims and verify the
signatures in and so this is ultimately
about namespace resolution so how do you
designate a flag and say IP ID or Varys
one which is going to be V 1 or e th for
aetherium its we actually also talk
about who registers ETH for ethereum who
owns it and who basically as part of the
method spec specifies how you resolve
the video and exchange the verifiable
claims the Evernham who does sovereign
always actually had an interesting thing
was they actually basically wanted to a
zero knowledge proof you're passing a
binary to the prover the person who owns
the identity and yet this gif to solve a
math problem in order to then give it
back to the once you actually solve that
then actually it's proof of the
verifiable claim but it's a right now on
the verifiable claimed task force we're
actually still just working on aged over
21 as being through the use case and
that I think is still where we're at got
it thank you sue okay
there's anyone else has any question I
know I see that Jay is posting a bunch
of things on chat you want to bring them
up Jay sure I just wanted to point out
that I think what Johnny's talking about
is the key piece of not only I P FS
but also file coin in fact it's
mentioned as one of the use cases in the
file coin white paper if you look on
page 33 of the file coin white paper
under contracts and file coin under
smart contracts specifically mentions
that a decentralized naming system asset
tracking and crowd cell platforms and
specifically the decentralized naming
system is a one of the key potential use
cases for file coin so I'm excited to
see what Johnny is creating and I think
it can definitely be generalized beyond
the healthcare realm it's certainly
important in the healthcare realm but
this is one of the key areas that I
think is right for innovation is in the
naming addressing numbering and identity
space that's yep and I think one of the
is brilliant mark Miller the famous
computer scientist was actually at the
rebooting weather trust as well as Tim
berners-lee so just when I just had to
pause and like you know I had
intellectual conversation with Tim
berners-lee and I was just wowed
although I actually he's very much HTTP
focused that's what he thinks
that's all and I think the HTTP of
course being just one one protocol among
many in the ipfs stack so but yeah so I
think certainly ID identities and and I
think the other thing is actually smart
agents that actually we talked about at
the meeting was that Alice and Bob but
then there's the idea of having a dummy
bot that actually Ellis gives to the
dummy bot in order to store and actually
transfer a asset and delegate that to an
agent so I think it really is next thing
is actually about automation of a
Internet of Things devices or agents
that actually need to perform some AI
function and that's what we're building
here at at transcend X yeah and if I
could add Johnny I think that the point
you're talking about particularly the
smart agents might be a next paradigm
for smart contract so I'm going to say
logic
built into the overall networking system
that might actually be superior to the
etherium approach so mm-hmm I think it's
really fundamental what you're talking
about
cool all right thank you
yeah like Johnny if you like to drum
some links on the notes on like where
people can follow more about these so
you mentioned the project called Indy to
do the very fabric limbs I'm not
familiar with a project that you could
like clink - that'd be great
yep sure at the end of the rebooting the
web of trust we actually were all forced
to basically is about pushing out code
and specs and so so I did it's here my
github I submitted and then project
india's under hyper ledger it's a hyper
larger project and I'll find it it's
under hyper ledger github slash project
indie and I'll put that in there all
right okay thank you
cool so let's go back to the agenda I
don't think any new item was added
we still have 30 minutes would people
like to go around and just give an
update on what they've been working on
I guess Charlie just shared these update
you know a lot of cool stuff do others
want to do the same house again alright
that's right if you don't want to share
the pedido method like I'll just go
through using my order the order I see
on the screen so J that means that your
first my ensuring yeah well Jason who's
on the call as well from Phoenix is
part of a group here in Phoenix that's
working on some naming addressing
numbering and identity applications
using IP FST's using the JSI PFS and web
RTC and we've we've had a little all
over the last month or so because of
some other distractions but our
intention is to work on exactly what
japanese talking about and you know
again I see this as a key area for
innovation and something that could also
be an opportunity to use file coin as a
storage mechanism in relation to
recording of WebRTC video calls and
audio and other I think there's some
really interesting opportunities here
that's it Jason you want to add anything
no not specifically to that
Jason's done most the work most of the
development work on the prototype that
we're working on a long one thing I
worked on when the daunting job sorry to
interrupt but one thing I found out was
that the web RTC is not supported in all
browsers and so it took me a while to
figure that out
yeah it's true
like still still working progress in
Safari and edge as it well actually not
like Safari we're supposed to get love
RTC within you from Mike OS I but I
still need to test it out ready to Tory
yeah my my answer to that is tough and I
think that you know the direction is
towards WebRTC not only for video and
audio but also for data and I think
there's some you know yes it's been a
long time coming and yes the mass
adoption isn't there yet and I think
this naming addressing a numbering is a
key missing piece for mass adoption of
WebRTC so whatever browsers don't
support it in my view that the direction
is definitely towards ubiquitous web RTC
capability and if you are interested
there is a conference next June in the
UK called calm Khan which is going to be
a very small group of participants that
are going to be focused on WebRTC
application and innovation so I think
it's
comm co n dot IO if you're interested in
that awesome thank you if you're gonna
find the link and plus the other notes
that we've already let's get the next
one Christian hi so I've been working on
trying to have Shauna's tests for J's
IPA
but one big problem is that China's
tests for GU ipfs are using a lot of GU
programs lot of small NGO programs and
and the docker image doesn't have goo so
I don't know what we should do about
this should we change the image yeah
sorry yeah I don't want to have to find
another way to test rather than all the
goo the small group programs that are
used by Shauna's because it's not it
would be a lot of work and I don't think
it's worth it because it will make the
tests be different between go ipfs and
GSI PFS so yeah so ideally thank you so
much and thank you for picking up that
project again ideally what you want is
not like this asks to be duplicated in
both repos but actually have a repo with
all the charlotte's tests and all the
setup and then like the repo 12 the way
to like rule the different IP fest
fermentations and even like versions
like like the sharpness test should not
be just run against the letters but
actually against all of the versions so
that we know what are the differences in
terms of api's amongst versions which is
something that we don't do yet it's kind
of like yeah when we know it's a change
we change the tests but like it would be
great if we could actually have a way to
use the sharpness test to tell us when
there is a breaking change so that you
can update the version accordingly we
are also getting more into editions of
ipfs we now see that there's a nick in
DSC implementation there is a working
progress python implementation and in
the me long term we probably will see a
rest implementation so it would be
useful right now to start preparing the
sharpness test to be just like this
consumable by our basic
patience so that yes we can use go
binaries to do the tests but if that's
the case then those binaries should live
in their own repose be compiled be
pulled into the docker image and another
image should know how to pull just a
profess the ipfs rest at if-else pipe if
at and so on does it make sense for you
Christian to stick its route like yeah
but yeah the the docker image is the
same for the pudgy ace tests and the
Shanna's tests when right now so I am
not sure if we so yeah maybe we should
have a separate docker image for the
different tests yeah that could be a
solution here illustrate yeah but maybe
it will make the the test configuration
more complex so I don't yeah but I will
take a look at that to see if we can use
a different Joker image other Shawna's
tests we probably can I would strongly
prefer unless there is like a strong
Walker for it to have all of the
Charlotte tests like ipfs - Turner's
it's on the ripple without the setup
like it would be great if we could like
just point the Charlotte stares sounds
like test is binary and I kill just like
run the test again that binary and tell
us like what is broken what doesn't work
and so on instead of like having the
tested ABS you know this repose and
which is okay a lot of code to placated
everywhere and then I keep some yeah
yeah I waste time but I first wanted to
have them work for JSF ipfs
so so that after that I could have a
better idea of what should be common
both go ipfs and JSF BFS
rather than include something generic
and then Freddie
finding afterwards that it doesn't walk
up for some human tations awesome that's
why I wanted to have them work for Ace
ipfs first before putting folders honest
it's test in their cone repo and I keep
I always I would if I first take it have
a okay image for the shyness test then
maybe it will be better like like you
suggest and it will be easier to have
all the shyness test in their own repo
so I will try things and I will tell you
okay do you want to open an issue when I
pee first notes we like all these ideas
and like the possible at towards having
sharpness tests that only not that not
only test the robustness of ipfs but
also like check the comprendo API
because in the end like the sharpness
tests are right now the ones like
testing the COI API and I saying if it
conforms with all the other animal okay
I will open a commission all right next
one is David so I'm I've been teaching a
course I've been pretty bogged down with
that and that's sort of been my story
for the last couple of months but but
I'm working on finishing still up on
this a cluster feature happy FS cluster
to support basic auth for simple
authentication and and working on going
to do a call with Debbie this week to
talk about writing up a bit swap spec
which will be really cool and also
continue to work on a bit swap research
and right now I'm very close I'm in the
testing phase of a round robin q4 bit
swap Virgo ipfs that I wrote
and I I just have to make sure that it
works and find the bugs and then
hopefully integrated into go ipfs as an
experimental feature and yeah and then
start doing my research on that awesome
thank you yeah I'll follow up on the
email about finding a meeting that so
much for preparing that up cool next up
is Wyatt yeah me did Jamie did you know
classic okay so everybody um not too
much to report I just got back off a
plane last night it's still kind of
tired I've been mostly focusing on a few
issues that are still showing up without
the MS cluster specifically with the rap
state when you when you join a cluster
and then people leave and then things
are pinned and then people come back so
yeah and currently on yeah just working
on some details there anybody's
interested further let me know but why
don't little details with that um yeah
awesome thank you so the next type in my
screen is Johnny Johnny you have like
any other pitch you like to share or you
feel good no I'm working on is I really
I'm heavy into this dige method specs
and verifiable claims and applications
in in health care sounds good thank you
and next up is Jason any other things
that you want to share Jason yeah so
actually over the course of this past
month I was working on the consensus
watching for social impact hackathon and
the project was essentially a
decentralized marketplace for carbon
offset trading and while ipfs was not in
that deliverable going forward in the
execution strategy beat one of the key
things that is needing to be worked out
is this kind of like ipfs pub/sub API
implementation where third third party
auditors can contribute and listen into
a measure of
IOT devices that communicates some
sending types of you know co2 emissions
like that and if anybody has any input
on how to execute something like that
some kind of decentralize API execution
reusing pub/sub or RPC or whatever it is
might be more than happy to hear about
that and I'll post some information
about the act upon in the chat awesome
yeah
couple of ideas so in its most simple
form you should be able to just like to
subscribe to a topic that everyone else
is like publishing to like think of it
as like a log like if everyone if every
single device is publishing to like this
log thing then you can I know which
topic they are publishing subscribe you
get events of course like right now and
as Johnny pointed out earlier the
implementation the underlying
implementation of cops having a PSS is
what we call what's up
so you just like who averages the peer
connectivity that site defense has to a
bunch of peers and use it HT to collect
all the peers that are publishing on the
topic to get the messages on a topic it
does do some relay but it preemptively
tries to die out to all the peers that
are interested on the topic and so it is
not necessarily X killable for like
millions of nodes like in order to be
scalable for millions of nodes which is
typically what you get from IOT you have
to have some kind of like spanning tree
where know that about sharing message
with each other and then you have like
to have strategies to make sure that no
no they cooks is the others and that's
something that we are actively
researching on there is a repo and we
peer to peer slash research observed
which has a bunch of papers and there's
people working on that
that being said again for perfect use
cases and I for trying the API out you
can do this like subscribe on a topic
that they don't establish into and
therefore replicating their data when
one of the examples that was built in
the past that used this tool this
technique was the three pi IFT be and
the annotations for triple i apartments
it was shelled around june this year i
think there is like
and as a demo of add Andrew and federal
showing other words and essentially like
you have multiple organizations
publishing annotations to pops out you
see the additional developments but when
the annotations to persists so then you
have like a couple of other extra nodes
that are subscribing on the same topics
and just like pinning all the changes
all the annotations that were created by
the browser nodes this way you have like
the real-time ish way of like everyone
sees the latest annotations but those
nodes can go down and go back up because
they can still retrieve the content that
was pinned by the nodes that were just
bearing and Edward subscribing to the
same topics and making sure that those
things got stored and so so yeah that
this
I hope you haven't yeah man that's all
very helpful I'll definitely check out
that think about IP affairs or pub/sub
research articles stuff as well gives ya
that that's all exactly kind of what I'm
looking for
awesome yeah and if you have any
questions or design Docs or yeah just
point me at issues or open issues in our
repos
yeah there's yeah absolutely cool Thank
You Justin okay next up is Demetri I'm
not sure if you mean she's here because
hey hey
sure so I've been mostly kind of jumping
in and fixing some of the political
issues specifically progress
functionality and in Jessica's API I've
also started to work on the IPO de
aetherium integration with Herman and
and come on is being picking up some go
so yeah it's pretty much it we finally
map the storage tree or cry or or it's
pronounced now stage one treat a storage
tree the term storage stream okay got it
yep performant awesome we're pretty
close to having pretty much all of the
old AEG informants on mobs on IP OD
indigo as well
bingo yeah it's cool thank you awesome
all right so I think I am the last one
essentially like I've been like out on
just figuring out everything that we
were just like writing down everything
that needs to be worked on
when ipfs land and seeing a lot of
discussions on it I've been out serving
a lot of discussions we petrol
who is working on pierpass on what needs
to be the nor prepare back to work what
are the things that we'll be able to
extract from people for others to build
applications on top from mic methods of
Education just this charity that's on
top of a DFS that other people can use
is just a key value store and so on been
working on preparing the workshop so
like if someone is going to be at most
fast you know the month morlin will be
there just like showing people how PFF
works internally and i quill about a
small workshop but everyone will be able
to build like a small discrete
application on top of us quickly fun if
you are in one and make sure to to join
us yeah like I have a huge backlog so
many issues I know a lot of people
having to heat up an email I'm working
as fast as I can to get for everyone I'm
sorry if you're blocked let me know
Tracy sure like super blocks because you
need an answer for me and I'll try to
provide you in information as soon as I
can I'm trying to understand like what
are the top priority ones right now and
that's it for me
alright if no one has questions we have
like 10 minutes left but I could be
awesome end the meeting here are Sen
Johnny I have one one Johnny and M
Dimitri yeah so just my question as far
as like actually four pubs pub/sub
either the room or what David was
working on is really how do we decide
what messaging req protocol direction I
do once we actually have a channel so I
think applications have different needs
I even was actually thinking about
reusing activity pub to actually as the
framework for communication back and
forth but I think there's probably some
sort of need for you know hey I'm
talking about di D verifiable claims
back and forth or I'm actually doing a
distributed geo carbon marketplace and
actually what what
you know what what messages do you speak
sort of actually once you actually get
into a room or a channel there's
actually a need for a protocol to
actually to chat about all right okay so
there is multiple answers to the
question because there is multiple ways
to approach it
right now ipfs pub sub room he's like
one of the many persons we've been
building on top of EFS and it's like
what's here now kind of like developing
is this framework where there's a lot of
innovation oh there's a lot of
innovation at the FS core but there is
also a lot of the divisional ipfs like
kind of the user end which is like IP
fest but sub room the the ygs adaptor
and so on things that people are
building on the polity press that are
super useful for like set of apps but
not necessarily things that we know that
should be like primitives that people
should get from a DFS so we kind of like
develop these things on top and we
expose them to the like general
community and like then we kind of try
to understand if they are useful or not
like how they are useful what are the
pain points what should we in the end
push to pour like what is this
innovation that is happening unusual and
that we should push the poor that should
be implemented in all of the ipfs
implementations in multiple languages so
that is one IP first box that room yes
like you get this room that you
subscribe to and then just broadcasting
information but the underlying pub/sub
that ipfs exposes tells you that like
you get messages that you subscribe on a
certain topic and and for example you
can just publish on a topic like you can
just publish on a topic like ids of
peers that are interesting but you don't
even have to transmit the information
through the pub sub channel if you were
to transmit the ideas that are
interested on a certain topic then you
can buy all to those nodes
once you die out to those nodes the
primitives that we peer-to-peer offers
you to die ohm is actually to like you
can buy all just for the sake of a link
and then I quote you dial you start bid
swapping we have node you start DHT we
don't know but you also can dial on a
protocol you can do like dial
PID or appear a multi other and then you
can select a string which is a multi
product and that's how beats warp and HD
works he's like when you dial to appear
you open multiple streams over a same
connection and you say on this theme I
want to speak website on each team I
want to speak bits out on the extreme
LSP DHT and you can do that for your own
protocol you can say oh I want to use
the same underlying connection and speak
another protocol there as a specific
wire format and because it will be on
its own isolated multiply extreme like
can do whatever it wants like you can
define your own wire format you can even
have a multiple wire formats working
over the same connection in fact I'd be
chopped already because there was a
migration from IP FS 0 for 1 to 2 or
something that now we have Pete swap 1 0
0 and B 2 up 1 1 0 and I the ffs node
will check will try to dial on both bit
swaps and I get the notes for the latest
it uses the latest and it's the one that
supports IPL denotes the the other
version is like just my code I go and
we're just like a change per box and so
it gives you the size power of
future-proofing your system gives you a
way to upgrade the wire formats without
necessarily having to search within a
very well it's time to change the
version like the old version is not
working anymore and so you could do that
if this like it was a lot of information
a lot of new terms so I understand we
need to improve our deployment a tion I
can I provide more clear answers if you
point me at questions like the same way
that you just asked here through issues
and then I can like point you to all of
these repos and all these discussions
and all these notes or even just like
create a new documentation because it
helps us a lot
each time I people ask questions about
all these students work between then
understand ok we need to write more
examples about this or more diagrams and
so on
yeah I'm making it I'll make an issue
because I think I want to understand
more and I think there's the the
plumbing of the messaging
how bit swap actually works yes actually
itself of actually that has structure
and I think that's where I'm at right
now I think oh you worry about the
plumbing down here I'm worried about
content inside it actually like it tears
talking back and forth actually hey I'm
talking this protocol and and and how do
we actually go back and forth and
actually the way I implemented it
ultimately was actually I had to pub/sub
rooms this one was a server client
this one's client server and basically
I'm sending encrypted stuff this way and
you're sending could you know its way I
solved it that's yeah yeah that's a
guess pops up room basically creates
like multicasts rooms where like
everyone speaks to everybody all at the
same time and you want some kind of like
direction or even like bi-directional
connections I didn't necessarily like
broadcast to the entire network sorry
the pub sub room it's in Crete I was
recently working with it as well and so
I was taking out the code in and you can
talk to specific peer as well so you can
actually specify a peer that you want to
send messages back and forth I'm not
sure if that's what you guys are talking
about but that's what are then they're
actually supports them yeah and it's
through a signal server to actually
define each other you can use a signal
server but once you have a connection
you can just watching once you know
about the peer you can just directly
connect it as well if that's your
supports done so just passing the PID -
there's a specific method and in pub sub
room that you can pass a pure ad and
that way you'll establish a direct
connection to that to that be writing
you'll be able to send messages back and
forth but then that's with and that's
where that was the signal server signals
Harry I believe it's just for discovery
now it's would be another level if I may
sorry I mean like think about it I like
you have a thing that just like
establishes connections like sockets
between peers once you do that you
upgrade a connection to a string
multiplexer so that you can have like
these multiple channels for
every peer when you reach the pub sub
level either pub sub room or even like
the ipfs pub so you don't think anymore
like oh you get the connection you just
think oh I'm connected to the peer or I
can find more ways to connect to other
peers and so that can be to a web RTC
channel that can be to a TCP socket that
can be through a web sockets but it's
like at that level like the IP fest pops
at room doesn't really care in learn for
it to work in a browser today the
transport that we support is web RTC and
the WebSockets and we're back to see
does use a signaling server that also
gives the discoverability property so
like that's why when you open a node
with WebRTC in a lot like it just starts
connecting to other nodes because all of
them are according to this point that as
information about more nodes but what we
want to upgrade is to enable IP fest
notes to be this random appoints for any
other node so I connect to a
bootstrapper now I'll buy DFS and then I
asked hey do you have more peers that
are using lowercase e if yes tell me
about it
and so that like any nodes in the in the
matter can be a relevant point for any
other else so that you don't have to
like use a specific brand of a point as
it is working today it is part of like
the depth great path we cannot just
escape the fact that we really need a
renewable point like for WebRTC you need
a place to exchange the signaling data
like that the offerings between peers so
that they can open ports in the browser
that's we cannot expect
yeah Johnny if you if you want to open
that issue that'd be really helpful to
me as well so I'll subscribe to us very
cool
yeah awesome yeah what let's continue
chatting to issues happy to provide a
lot of more context there and any major
take we also we're dipping in cool so we
are one minute left any critical things
I I have one one small thing to mention
I
did run a couple of meetups here in
Costa Rica and they present I profess
and talk about I profess to a few people
and surprisingly a lot of people are
actually where I guess not surprisingly
any more people are eager to start using
it and I'm thinking about running a
couple more once I have a chance and
maybe maybe even building a few
something that uses I profess but there
is will and there people are aware and
and they're paying close attention to
what's going on here so that's super
awesome if there are any recordings
please post them I will I will check
back with organizers they did run some
live streaming and I believe we might
have the recording as well so I'll check
with them and and there may be a need to
publish them they were in Spanish so
that's great it's great guess I don't
need more content in other languages
yeah it'll probably help the
spanish-speaking community that's
awesome
ok yeah if you could I know there's an
issue for that meetup on mattresses
community keep it first the links there
yep I will I will contact Phillip you
and ask him for the recordings because
he's one of the organizers saying you
should have them all right thank you
awesome awesome all right so I guess
that and our media be oh wait to be
sorry this is Jay do you mind putting a
link to the New Orleans workshop that
you're going to be involved with oh
sorry I I probably please come together
I meant to London it's called Moss fest
it's the Mozilla festival but it's
London ok
appreciate ya
so just put a link to the festival I'll
check if they already have uploaded a
reference to the workshop all right so
this is it
thank you so much for joining see you
all next week or some other meeting
during this time this week
enjoy enjoy the rest of the week and
yeah see everyone online and I see I'm
gonna be delicious
alright check everyone bye have a good